PA3 Network Systems
Author: Daniel Zukowski <daniel.zukowski@gmail.com>
Date: Nov 16, 2012

A TCP peer-to-peer file sharing client and server.

------
Client
------

To run: ./client <username> <server_ip> <port_no> <comma-separated list of files to share>

The files to share must be located in a folder called "Shared files".

Upon startup, the client requests a TCP connect() to the server.
When the connection in accept()'d, the client then proceeds to send the server the username, so
that the server, and other clients connected to the network, can identify this client.

The client has the following commands available:
	
CMD								OPERATION

List							Shows a list of all shared files available on the network
Users							Shows a list of all connected users
Get <filename>  	Download a file from a peer on the network
SendMyFilesList 	Send a list of files the client is willing to share with the network

When the client requests a file from a peer, a new connetion is requested of the peer.
If the peer accepts the connection, the client will send the filename of the file it 
wishes to download. The peer will then send the file as a byte stream, possibly in
several chunks, which can then be written to a file on the client side.
When the file transfer has completed, the TCP connection os torn down and closed by both sides.


------
Server
------

The server listens for incoming connections on a port that is specified when the server
process is launched.
When a new connection request is received, the server accepts the connection, listens for the 
client to send its username, adds the username to a hash table of connected users, and then spawns
a new thread to handle any subsequent client interaction.

If a client sends a Get request to the server, the server responds with file information, including the
owner IP, so that the client can establish a direct connection to the other client who is sharing the file.

When the client exits, the connetion between it and the server is torn down.
